In the previous video,
you learned how to classify
whether a tweet has
a positive sentiment
or negative sentiment,
using a theta that
I have given you.
In this video, you will
learn your own
theta from scratch,
and specifically,
I'll walk you through
an algorithm that allows you
to get your theta variable.
Let's see how you can do this.
To train your logistic
regression classifier,
iterate until you find the
set of parameters theta,
that minimizes your
cost function.
Let us suppose that your
loss only depends on
the parameters theta1 and theta2,
you would have a
cost function that
looks like this contour
plots on the left.
On the right, you can see
the evolution of the cost
function as you iterate.
First, you would have to
initialize your parameters theta.
Then you will update
your theta in
the direction of the gradient
of your cost function.
After a 100 iterations,
you would be at this point,
after 200 here, and so on.
After many iterations, you
derive to a point near
your optimum costs and you'd
end your training here.
Let's look at this
process in more detail.
First, you'd have to
initialize your
parameters vector theta.
Then you'd use the
logistic function
to get values for each
of your observations.
After that, you'd be able
to calculate the gradients
of your cost function and
update your parameters.
Finally, you'd be able to compute
your cost J and determine if
more iterations are
needed according to
a stop-parameter or maximum
number of iterations.
As you might have seen
in the other courses,
this algorithm is known
as gradient descent.
Now, that you have
your theta variable,
you want to evaluate your theta,
meaning you want to
evaluate your classifier.
Once you put in your theta
into your sigmoid function,
do get a good classifier or
do you get a bad classifier?
In the next video, we will
show you how you can do this.